Conferences for 2023 (#1835)
writethedocs/www: docs/blog/2023-conference-announcements.rst

.. post:: September 26, 2022
   :tags: portland-2023, prague, atlantic-2023, newsletter

Announcing Write the Docs conferences for 2023

> ==============================================

Reviewer: Can we dupe this to both conf news folders so that it gets conference formatting? Or will that create more problems than it will resolve?

Author: I think it will create problems but we can try, but more, I think it will actually be more confusing to have the same text on the website in multiple URLs with multiple designs.

Reviewer: Yeah, it's just the first thing you can read on the new conf sites, and it looks kinda rubbish when it falls back to the default look.

We're excited to announce two Write the Docs conferences for 2023:

> * Write the Docs Portland on May 7-9, 2023, an in person conference in Portland, Oregon.

Reviewer: ```
$ ack "in person" | wc
     48    1080    8182
$ ack "in-person" | wc
     72    2061   16414
```

Shall we settle on (and lint) in-person?

> * Write the Docs Portland on May 7-10, 2023, an in person conference in Portland, Oregon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Write the Docs Portland on May 7-9, 2023, an in person conference in Portland, Oregon.
```

* Write the Docs Atlantic, on September 10-12, 2023, a new virtual conference
  in between European/African and US East coast timezones.

Write the Docs Prague is taking a break this year. Announcements about
Write the Docs Australia will follow later in 2023.

Write the Docs Portland
-----------------------

> Write the Docs Portland will be an in person conference, similar to our
> pre-COVID conferences. Speakers will be present in person and speaking
> from the conference stage. We will also offer a free live stream, and remote
> participants are encouraged to participate in our Slack, as for any of
> our previous in person conferences. The conference will follow all local
> COVID regulations that apply at the time. The unconference will not
> be streamed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Write the Docs Portland will be an in person conference, similar to our
pre-COVID conferences. Speakers will be present in person and speaking
from the conference stage. We will also offer a free live stream of the talks, 
and remote participants are encouraged to participate in our Slack. The
 unconference will not be streamed.
 
The conference will follow all local COVID regulations that apply at the time, , 
and we will announce more specific policies before our tickets go on sale so people can make an informed decision.
```

> our previous in person conferences. The conference will follow all local
> COVID regulations that apply at the time. The unconference will not
> be streamed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
our previous in person conferences. The conference will follow all local
COVID regulations that apply at the time, 
and we will announce more specific policies before our tickets go on sale so people can make an informed decision.
```

Author: Adding that sounds good, but did you intentionally remove my sentence about unconference not being streamed?

Write the Docs Atlantic
-----------------------

> Write the Docs Atlantic is a new conference, in the familiar format
> of our virtual conferences from the last few years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write the Docs Atlantic is a new conference, in a similar online format
to the virtual conferences we've been running in 2021 and 2022.
```

The schedule will run from the
early afternoon to early evening in most European/African timezones,
and from early morning to late afternoon in US East coast timezones.
Of course, this being a virtual conference, attendees and speakers
are welcomed from anywhere in the world.

Sign up to the separate Atlantic conference mailing list to stay

> up to date on CFP, ticket sales and all other updates. (TODO LINK)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
up to date on the call for proposals, ticket sales and all other updates. (TODO LINK)
```

Virtual and in person
---------------------

> Although we initially did virtual conferences due to COVID, we found
> that despite some downsides, they also create many new opportunities.
> There are many people that have difficulty travelling
> to our in person conferences for various reasons, like financial, health,
> immigration or responsibilities at home.
> With a virtual conference, these people have equal access to
> our events, as speakers or attendees. We've also seen that our
> community has been great at bringing the same atmosphere that works
> so well at our in person conferences, to our virtual ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although we initially switched to running virtual conferences due to COVID, we found
that despite many folks preferring the in-person experuience, the vritual format also created many new opportunities.
There are many people that have difficulty travelling
to our in person conferences for various reasons, like financial, health,
immigration or responsibilities at home.
With a virtual conference, these people have equal access to
our events, as speakers or attendees. We've also seen that our
community has been great at bringing the same atmosphere that works
so well at our in person conferences, to our virtual ones.
```

Therefore, we think that the Portland and Atlantic conferences together

> are a great way to bring back the familiar that many of you miss,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are a great way to bring back the familiar experience that many of you miss,
```

> while also keeping the many benefits of virtual conferences in 2023.

Reviewer 2: Loved this section 👍

Call for Proposals
------------------
For both conferences, we invite people from all across our community to
come up on the virtual or in person stage to share their insights and experience.
We're looking for ideas and use-cases from all disciplines and roles,
so whether you're a technical writer, developer, UX designer, community manager,
or support professional who cares about content and communication, we want to hear from you!

**We plan to launch our Portland CFP in early January 2023** for those who are excited to speak.
The talks in Portland will be in person.

Further details of the Atlantic CFP will be announced later in 2023.

> For Atlantic, all talks will be pre-recorded, so you'll be able to present from anywhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Atlantic, you will need to supply a pre-recorded video of your talk, so you'll effectively be able to present from anywhere.
```

Start thinking about your talk proposal now, and we'll let you know as soon as the CFPs open.

Tickets
-------

> **Tickets will go on sale in TODO**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Tickets will go on sale in January 2023**.
```

.. post:: September 26, 2022
   :tags: portland-2023, prague, atlantic-2023, newsletter

Announcing Write the Docs conferences for 2023
==============================================

We're excited to announce two Write the Docs conferences for 2023:

* Write the Docs Portland on May 7-9, 2023, an in person conference in Portland, Oregon.
* Write the Docs Atlantic, on September 10-12, 2023, a new virtual conference
  in between European/African and US East coast timezones.

Write the Docs Prague is taking a break this year. Announcements about
Write the Docs Australia will follow later in 2023.

Write the Docs Portland
-----------------------

Write the Docs Portland will be an in person conference, similar to our
pre-COVID conferences. Speakers will be present in person and speaking
from the conference stage. We will also offer a free live stream of the talks, 
and remote participants are encouraged to participate in our Slack. The
unconference will not be streamed.
 

> The conference will follow all local COVID regulations that apply at the time, , 

Reviewer 3: typo: additional , in the sentence

and we will announce more specific policies before our tickets go on sale so people can make an informed decision.

Write the Docs Atlantic
-----------------------
Write the Docs Atlantic is a new conference, in a similar online format
to the virtual conferences we've been running in 2021 and 2022.

The schedule will run from the
early afternoon to early evening in most European/African timezones,
and from early morning to late afternoon in US East coast timezones.
Of course, this being a virtual conference, attendees and speakers
are welcomed from anywhere in the world.

Sign up to the separate Atlantic conference mailing list to stay
up to date on the call for proposals, ticket sales and all other updates. (TODO LINK)

Virtual and in person
---------------------
Although we initially switched to running virtual conferences due to COVID, we found

> that despite many folks preferring the in-person experuience, the virtual format also created many new opportunities.

Reviewer 3: typo: experience
